"Give me your best attack!" Cringe scoffs.
Patrick charges at Cringe and slams him where the sun doesn't shine.
"OUUAHHEUGHH~~" Cringe sucks in through his teeth, "Mmrreoww~~" he growls seductively.
Patrick phsyically jumps back in disgust, "EW!"
"That felt good!" Cringe grins from ear to ear, "My turn!"

----

"How long have you wanted to berid of me? How much *do* you actually hate me!?"
Brannon inhales, "I *don't* hate you!"
Cringe blinks, "Wait..." he stares at Brannon, "...what?"
"I've *never* hated you! I just didn't want you taking over my life, and I couldn't let you toss my future down the drain!"

----

"IF YOU DON'T LET GO OF MY FRIENDS RIGHT NOW, THEN YOU'RE NOT GONNA LIKE WHAT I'M GONNA DO TO YOU!!!"
Lust snarls, "AHAHAHA! *YOU!?* The Knight of Rage, threatening ME!"
Garrett's eyes narrow towards Lust, "What... What did you just call me?" Garrett's voice begins to shake. Brannon stands as far from Garrett as he can.
Lust continues to bully Garrett, "*KNIGHT. OF. RAGE.* You deaf or something, short-stuff?" 
Garrett draws one finger across his neck, "You asked for it."

Garrett's veins bulge, "I'M GONNA RIP YOUR TONGUE OFF AND SHOVE IT UP -- to be determined

---

"I'm trying to SAVE your a**!" Cringe pleads to Brannon, "GET OFF THIS MOUNTAIN! Your friends are fine! *You'll* be fine! As long as you leave as soon as you can! This is what I was talking about when I was asking to return back to normal! I felt him growing in power with each breath you took in the prescense of the mountain! So GET OUT OF HERE, and never come back!"

"Won't you guys still be with me?" Brannon asks.

"YES! And that's what we want!"

Brannon raises his chin high, "I'm not a coward, Cringe. Not anymore. I'm not running from *you*, nor that other guy. I can't afford to leave my friends again, because now I know I wont *ever* come back."

Cringe grasps his hair in frustration, "If you go up that mountain, you will DIE. He will KILL you. He will ALSO kill your FRIENDS. 100%. No doubt about it."

Patrick stands next to Brannon, "Excuse me, but I'm literally already dead. I've got nothing to lose right now, so I'd be happy to give it a try."

"Patrick," Cringe sighs, "He brought you back into this world, and I ASSURE you, he can take you out."

Patrick shrugs and laughs, "So? Who cares?"

Cringe grits his teeth, "You are fools. I'm not letting you past. Not unless you can take *me* on."

----

"What *should* we call him?" Brannon asks.

"Kerrim," Cringe replies.

"Wait, I thought that was *your* name?" Patrick intervenes.

"We are the same entity," Cringe explains, "When the mountain gave me life, my mind began racing. I had spent my entire life locked within Brannon's subconscious. I immediately took up the ablibi of 'Kerrim,' which means 'darkness.' My first idea was to introduce myself to Brannon, but I felt too fragile. As he got closer and closer to the heart of the mountain, the summit, I felt my power grow exponentially. When Brannon saw me through the mirror, I felt a surge of strength rush through my body. I took the opportunity to ran."

"Why did you run?" Brannon asks, confused.

"I wasn't ready for such an occurence. I didn't even know I'd gained a physical body. I could talk to you, but I mostly kept silent."

"When I came to you in your dream and spoke to you head on, I welcomed you," Cringe frowns, "But you didn't seem to think the same way. I realized in that moment that you *hated me*. You hated me from the moment you saw me, and that was when Kerrim was created, right then and there."

"What?" Patrick and Brannon both ask, awaiting an answer.

"That was why I attacked you with unending mercy; A rage unlike any other. That *darker* side of myself was drawn out by not only the mountain, but from *you*. The darkest pit of your mind had opened up to swallow both of us whole."

"Huh," Patrick shrugs, "So he overtook you or something?"

"Yes, and he almost murdered Brannon. Thankfully, his friends showed up and turned the tables. Kerrim tapped out and pulled the plug on the dream."

"So where did you go after that?" Brannon inquires.

Cringe strains to remember, "I tried to gain back control of my actions by distancing myself from him. It was a horrible decision, and it ended up creating another voice in my head. One only *I* could hear. I was Regret, and he was Lust."

"Yeah, that's crazy man," Patrick says, deadpan.

Brannon tilts his head in understanding, "So, *you* represent the cringe people feel when remembering a stupid thing they did."

"Yes."

Brannon nods, "And Kerrim represents *lust*, so he's all about..."
"Awkwardness, misfortune, disgust, and recklessness."

"That's a pretty big portion," Patrick comments.

"You're right. I'm not even sure if I'm ME anymore! I used to be ALL those things, --and I can't believe I'm saying this-- but I don't want to go back!"