Temple Depths:

"It was on that day that the three burdens were created. From the ashes arose Cringe, the dweller of regret, Lust, the demon of pleasure, and Rage, the beast of malice. These emotions, confided within the wanderer, traumatized them. They lived by these burdens, desperately attempting to be-rid themselves of them. Perhaps, the wanderer had thought, the burdens were curable. Perhaps by pursuing them and letting them cut deeper into the wanderer would give way to an apparent solution. What the wanderer didn't realize, was that they had taken the first step in letting themselves be devoured by the burdens."


THE VOID:

"The two powers: Lust and Hate.

Lust is temptation, the pursuit of happiness; it is Cringe devoid of love. It was what drew you back towards your roots all those years ago. You let it decieve and play with you, before ultimately letting it overcome you. I pity what became of you then; a whisper of your former glory. The charm, the humor, the intellect... Gone, the moment you caved in. There was no going back, and you knew that. It was your decision to take the leap, and yet you still let it break you. How foolish.

Hate is malice, the denial of acceptance; it is Rage without friendship. It was what kept you in the miserable state you were in, and, as your regrets mounted, so did your jealousy. How could your friends have endured so few hardships compared to you, but come out successful despite such? Well, I think we both know the answer now, Brannon. Life isn't fair, and no matter how you try to perceive it otherwise, it will always get the final laugh."

"And what are *you* supposed to represent?" Brannon demands, his emotions entangling like a fine spaghetti.

"I am you," they say coldly.

"Another *part of me*?" Brannon asks defiantly.

"No. *You*."

Brannon's stomach gives a lurch, "What?"

"To elaborate," they lower their position in the air to get a closer look at Brannon, "I am your soul, unfiltered and undying." They press their cold, hard finger against Brannon's chest, right where his heart is, "You are also the soul, but what is left of it. You are the body."

"What does that make Cringe?" Brannon asks, unable to help himself.

"Another part of the soul."

"But," Brannon mutters, "How can we all share one soul? I'll be honest, I felt pretty *complete* before climbing the mountain. Are you meaning to tell me that this mountain devided my soul into multiple fragments?" The other Brannon says nothing, but rather stares at him without expression. "And, if we're both, well, *me,* then why have I never met you before? Why *now* of all places, in this dark, terrifying, vast emptiness?"

"Because," the other Brannon starts, "I'm not Brannon."

"Well then *who* the *hell* are you!?" Brannon demands, agitated.

The soul's expression turns grave. The slam Brannon against the cold floor and cut a deep gash through his right arm, "I am the demon of temptation! I am the beast of malice! *I am PersistentPessimist!*" Blood seeps everywhere; Brannon’s head feels like it could float right off his spine. Panicked thoughts swirl through Brannon’s head.

*This is it,* he thinks, *I’m going to die.*

"And so you are," they grin at Brannon, "I can feel your life slipping away already," they lick their lips seductively, "I’ll love the taste of you!"

Brannon doesn’t even care to ask what this means; he’s too busy trying to force every particle in his body to keep moving.
Every inch of Brannon is suddenly in pain, “Where are my friends!?” He demands.
“They’re gone,” they cackle, “Their souls were very useful.”
“YOU’RE LYING!” Brannon suddenly erupts, sending yet another wave of pain through his body, “They’re still here!”
	“Their souls are the only reason I stand before you,” their grip tightens around Brannon’s throat, “And with yours...” their smile intensifies to the point where they begin making strange sounds as if they were overcome with pleasure, “I’ll finally be free.”
	“Oh yeah? Come and—get—it!” Brannon struggles to get the last words out as they drive their sword further into the bone of Brannon’s arm.