PROBLEM ===

Originally, this big discussion was mainly just a way for Brannon to realize that he needs to FORGIVE Cringe, which in-turn reveals the true Lust underneath, and puts the REGRET part of Cringe on his side. This is completely stupid and needs to be revised.

Cringe is a form of hate. Regret is the hate of one's self--of one's past mistakes--and actual cringe is the resentment towards other people's poor actions. What Brannon needs to do is ACCEPT Cringe, not forgive. The actual part of himself that he needs to FORGIVE is LUST, not Cringe. By accepting who you really are, only then can you actually forgive yourself. Lust is a bigger part of Brannon than Cringe is, like how the future is always more important than the past.

Cringe's argument should shift from how his friends "hate him," and more towards why he hates himself. Additionally, the Heart of the Mountain DOES exist still, and it needs to be a change that the Heart is revealed. There doesn't need to be a garbage "if forgive you :')" scene. Just make them find the Heart and realize that there is still love, even in an abyss of hatred. The heart teleports them back to Reflection, and the story continues as normal.



MATERIAL ===

	Hearing Cringe’s words, Brannon feels the pulse of the darkness grow evermore intense. Despite this, he speaks in defiance, “We are not being forgotten. Our friends will never forget us, no matter how angry they are or how long it’s been. I have enough faith to believe that.”
	“Nothing but hatred remains in this place,” Cringe affirms, “Don’t you feel it? Ever since the fight between you and Destin, it’s been pulsing through the mountain like a virus in its bloodstream. It’s the darkness of our subconscious; the malicious and powerful emotion from deep within that shackles us to the confinements of our own soul.”
	Brannon thinks about the words he read in the Core and the headache he’s been experiencing. He looks around at the rapidly darkening void that encircles him, spanning infinitely in all directions, “Wait… this is all… hate? It’s… It’s everywhere!”
	“Do you know where we are?” Cringe questions.
	Brannon blinks, “The Core?”
	Cringe closes his eyes, “The deepest part of it,” he stands up, slowly regaining his balance, “There was once something here, amidst all this darkness. A heart.”
	Brannon’s memory flickers, “The heart of the mountain,” he takes a breath, “I read about it—it’s said to be the equalizer of all magic created by the mountain.”
	“Almost,” Cringe slowly gestures with his hand, “This place… It was once a place of safety—of tranquility—because of the heart,” he pauses, “It’s gone, now. What’s festered in this place is not emptiness, but hate.”
	Brannon shakes his head, “What could have caused this to happen?”
	Cringe grimaces, “You.”
	Cold sweat runs down Brannon’s brow, “Me?”
	“They hate you,” Cringe spits viscously, “They hate you so much that the mountain has given it its own form.”
	Cringe’s words echo through Brannon’s mind, crushing his optimism with each repeat. Despair fills his heart, and the void grows darker. He falls to his knees, meeting Cringe.
	“You finally realize what I’ve been trying to tell you for so long.”
	Brannon cannot help himself. He begins sobbing.
	“Your blemishes… Your past mistakes… I am those things, and not even your faith will stop your friends from seeing the bad in you,” he grits his teeth, “They’ll never forgive you for what we’ve done.”
	Brannon speaks into his arms, his voice muffled, “You tried to kill me. You pulled me down, telling me I wasn’t enough. You told me I lived in Destin’s shadow, and you did everything in your power to bring me back into my old and dangerous habits.”
	Cringe nods slowly.
	“For years I’ve tried to forget about you. I tried everything I could to ‘overcome’ you. I tried to kill myself just to prove how much of a failure I really was,” Brannon shakes, “You plagued me for my life, reminding me of all the bad things I’ve done.” His tears pool on the ground, his emotions stirring within him, “But,” he raises himself up, “Even if my friends never forgive me… I forgive you.”
	Cringe turns to Brannon, “You forgive me? After everything I’ve done?”
	Brannon shakes his head, “I forgive you… because none of that was your fault.”
	Cringe stares at Brannon confusedly, “What?”
	Brannon’s eyes gleam in the darkness, “It was me who did it.”
	“But, I am you,” Cringe argues.
	“You’re a part of me,” Brannon’s heart beats faster, “You are my regrets, but you're not the one causing them.”
	Cringe’s eyes widen, “Are you saying…?”
	“All this time I’ve pushed my regrets to the back of my mind, treating them like trash; something waiting to be taken away by someone else,” Brannon looks into the sky, the bell of resolution ringing inside his soul, “My regrets are a part of me,” he gazes at Cringe, “Why am I running from you in the first place?”
	Cringe’s mouth hangs slightly open, “Why am I running from you?”
	Brannon approaches Cringe wordlessly and pulls him into a warm embrace. Both of them wrap cleanly around each other.
	“I’m sorry,” Brannon mumbles.
	“I’m sorry, too,” Cringe speaks clearly, “I didn’t… I thought that…”
	A thunderous roar emanates from above the two. Brannon gazes up: A broad crack splits across the black sky, pouring in white light from above.
	Cringe’s eyes widen, “What’s going on?” The sky cracks further, “Is… is it done?”
	“A single soul knows no bounds,” Brannon mouths, “Shattered, it is limited to nothing but itself,” he grins euphorically, “Within is the answer.”
	The universe shatters before them, giving way to the heavens past infinity. Brannon continues smiling, “I’m tired of running.”
	The two of them begin floating upwards. The ground finally gives way to the purifying light. Brannon’s memories fly by in the background. All is bliss for a moment.
	“Brannon!” Cringe shouts, pointing down, “Look!”
	Brannon looks down. The remaining hate converges onto one spot, bubbling and morphing like an evil potion. In the center of the ball are the two mysterious eyes from before, now enraged. The goop lurches upwards in an attempt to catch the two and drag them down, but they ascend faster than it can climb.
