“You’re up?” a voice says from above him. Patrick sits atop a tree branch with a curious expression. Brannon gets to his feet, shaken from the flashback that had occurred to him.
“You okay?” Patricks asks flatly.
“N–no,” Brannon shivers, still looking at Patrick, “What are you doing here?”
Patrick uncrosses his arms from behind his head and leans forward, peering down at Brannon, “I saved your life,” he throws his hands out, “Where’s my thank you?”
Brannon raises his eyebrow, “Y–You saved my life?”
“I dragged you out of the lake over there,” Patrick lays back and points to a large body of water in the distance, “You almost drowned.”
“Uh, thanks,” Brannon stares at the lake as the cold begins to subside, “But still, why are you down here?”
“I figured you’d ask that,” Patrick retorts, “I’m… attached to you.”
“Right,” Brannon realizes what Patrick said, “—Excuse me?”
“To break the trance that I was put under, the variant Regret gave me the knowledge of Celeste Mountain,” Patrick pauses after noticing the look Brannon’s giving him, “Cringe gave me a bit of his power so now I’m a lot more powerful and self-aware!”
	“Oh,” Brannon exclaims in sudden understanding, “What all changed with you?”
	Patrick closes his eyes, “I know a lot… Let’s see,” he starts counting on his fingers, “Every statistic, every attack, every reference,” Patrick frowns at Brannon, “You guys skipped most of the enemies the mountain had prepared for you.”
	Brannon laughs, “That wasn’t my fault! It was Garrett, Destin, and Landon who’d been—” “So," Patrick begins, his voice unexpectedly grim, "Why did you decide to go?”
Brannon swallows, knowing that Patrick set up the conversation like this on purpose, “—You already knew I went to the furry convention. Landon said so.”
“Yes, I did,” Patrick says satisfactorily, “What I don’t know is why you decided to go to it—and not just any regular convention, but Anthrocon.”
Brannon pauses, his head still filled with insults against itself. He thinks about the convention and the things he experienced there. He thinks about Ash, Clyde, and himself, all different people within those walls, living what seemed to be drastically different lives, but still there. Brannon never asked himself a question like Patrick’s, for he thought that the answer was obvious, but now that he feels differently about the convention, he doesn’t quite know. Instead, Brannon gives the answer he might have given before when prompted with such a question, “I figured that I was destined for it,” he says hoarsely, “It sounded fulfilling to me.”
“Well, it wasn’t,” Patrick rubs a pebble between his fingers, “Because here you are.”














	“Wow,” Brannon breathes, “You really got me there,” he shivers again, “Have you seen my jacket?”
Patrick’s tone shifts, “I have!” He jumps off the tree and lands right in front of Brannon, “Follow me,” he says quickly. They walk to the edge of the lake together and come to a stop. Before Brannon can speak, Patrick teleports himself to the other side, “Come on!” He shouts.
Brannon calls back, “Do you expect me to swim to the other side of the lake!?”
“You have a dash, bozo!” Patrick yells.
Oh, Brannon realizes, Why didn’t I think to use it in the brawl with Destin? The thought of a different outcome tugs at Brannon’s heart. But, I would have instinctively used the dash when he lunged at me, right? That’s what happened when we first figured it—
“BRANNON!”
“Okay, okay!” Brannon shouts, his thoughts short-circuiting and his temper rising. He stares reluctantly at the small patches of land in the midst of the lake. Before his brain can stop him, he dashes onto a small island of mud. A considerably larger gap spans from Brannon to the edge of the lake. Recalling the trick that Cringe had pulled on him to escape, he jumps with as much strength as he can muster and hyperdashes downwards into the ground. Patrick whistles in awe as Brannon soars forwards and starts laughing when Brannon’s foot catches the water, sending him plummeting into the lake just feet from the edge. Brannon dashes from the lake and onto the ground, spitting out a mouthful of water, “Blegh!”
Patrick grins, “Let’s keep going.”
Brannon follows Patrick, shaking, “Where are we even going?”
“Where I last saw your jacket,” Patrick's answer doesn’t quite provide clarity to Brannon.
“Why didn’t you just grab it when you first saw it and give it to me when I got down here?”
Patrick smirks, “That’s a good question,” he points to a brown jacket hanging from a couple of crystal spikes far above them. From what Brannon can make of it, it’s in tatters, and quite burnt, too. Patrick moves his hand in a strange way and the jacket flies into his grasp. “Here,” he says, handing the torn-up piece of clothing to Brannon.
Brannon stares at his jacket in dismay as if it were a creature slowly dying in his hands. He looks up at Patrick, “Can you not fix it?”
Patrick shakes his head, “Moving stuff, I’ve learned to do, but returning objects to their past states sounds downright impossible, even with magic,” Patrick utters the last word like it’s taboo. He is, after all, a man of science.
“Patrick, what did you see when you died? Do you remember?”
Taken aback, Patrick contemplates, “I don’t believe I saw anything… It was just an instant jump from the car crash to a sudden rebirth in the temple,” he pauses, “—And it’s none of your business what I saw!” His voice becomes dangerous, signaling Brannon to end the conversation there.
Brannon obliges, “Point taken…” he twiddles his thumbs, “What should I do now? I need a new jacket, obviously… And food, too,” he adds, “We’ve been living off the food I packed into Landon’s bag…” Brannon frowns, “If only I had packed in advance for being thrown off the mountain by my best friend.”
“He didn’t throw you off,” Patrick says distinctly, “It was Cringe who caused the blast — Didn’t you hear Destin’s scream?”
Brannon remembers the scene, his dark thoughts vanishing in an instant, “Yeah, I did, but Cringe still saved me, no? He protected me…” A thought hits him, “—Wait, how did you see that? Is it because you’re, y’know, part of the mountain? Or—”
“Well, I’m not sure,” Patrick cuts Brannon off, “It’s all a jumbled mess of ideas, aspirations, and regrets.”
“What do you mean?” Brannon tilts his head.
Patrick continues, “It's kinda weird to describe this, but I sometimes feel like a conduit for souls or something. I’m just a vessel used by the mountain to channel its thoughts and create things through my relationships with you guys. I don’t think this sort of stuff is supposed to happen…”
Brannon nods, “I believe that the mountain uses whatever pieces of information it can gather to create the deepest strikes into the climbers’ hearts, whether that be searching through their mind and examining the knots, or utilizing friends’ perceptions of each other.”
“So, you think the mountain will use me to hurt you?” Patrick asks, looking rather mellow.
“I don’t see why it wouldn’t,” Brannon shrugs.
“I see,” Patrick returns to his usual hard expression, “When you and Destin started fighting, I felt the mountain grow panicked. I felt its fear within my own body, and because of that, I was afraid, too,” he stops and looks at Brannon, “So… Don’t fight Destin.”
Brannon almost laughs, “I thought you were going to say something really important — Patrick, it’s not like I wanted to fight him!”
“But, you did want to fight him. Underneath the mountain’s fear, I felt both of your hate simmering. You both wanted each other’s demise and neither of you got it.”
Brannon feels the cool air brush across his body; he doesn’t say anything.
“The mountain treats people’s problems like light switches. It only uses them as weapons once climbers have trouble dealing with them themselves. The mountain only took advantage of your cringe once your friends saw the acceptance letter. In turn, the mountain only started taking its toll on Destin once you brought up his old friends, forcing him to linger on them. Cringe sensed this as well and took it one step further by saying the name Destin tried so hard to make everyone forget,” Patrick stuffs his hands into his pockets, “Then, the mountain unleashed its wrath on Destin, and a monster unlike anything you’ve ever encountered was let loose.”
“So, I messed up?” Brannon’s voice shakes, “That’s what you’re telling me?”
“Yes,” Patrick nods, staring at the water, “You made a mistake that could cost you and your friends’ lives.”

Destin stares at the base of the mountain from the cliff he’s perched on, tears streaming down his face.
“Look what you’ve done!” Cringe screams angrily at Destin, “You killed him! He’s dead!”
“He can’t be…” Destin groans, “Because you’re still here…”
“Well then he’s not dead yet, but there’s no way he can survive a fall like that!”
Destin sits down on the rocky ground, his body aching and his nerves shot, “I’m sorry…”
Cringe’s face contorts in anger, “Sorry? Sorry? YOU JUST KILLED SOMEONE! YOU DESERVE TO BE LOCKED UP!”
“What else am I supposed to say?” Destin mouths, lost for words.
“I DON’T KNOW!!? WHY DON’T YOU GO JUMP OFF THIS CLIFF AND JOIN HIM, WON’T YOU!? YOU’RE A HORRIBLE PERSON! A MURDERER! A—!” Cringe’s tail and cat ears poof into thin air, “...Oh…” He whispers, his voice breaking, “...Oh my God…”
Destin stares at Cringe as his features vanish one-by-one, “Cringe…?” The air grows colder as the ends of Cringe’s shoes begin fading from existence.
Cringe looks into Destin’s eyes, “Please… Tell them I’m sorry…” A single tear streams down his face, and Cringe is no more.
Destin hears footsteps behind him. Garrett is now upon him, hitting every inch of Destin with as much force as he can muster, "HOW DARE YOU!?" He cries, tears flying out of his eyes in a strange blur of rage and grief, "I TOLD YOU TO CALM DOWN! I– I TOLD YOU TO STOP! BUT YOU DIDN'T, AND NOW HE'S—!" Garrett can’t force himself to finish the sentence.
Destin doesn't retaliate; he doesn't even try. He lets every blow hit him: The pain is a better feeling than the grief.
"WHY DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO PUSH ME AWAY!?" Garrett shouts, a new type of menace in his voice, "WHY DO YOU HAVE TO LET THE BIG TALL GUYS TAKE CARE OF EVERYTHING? WHAT ABOUT ME, DESTIN!? WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE IN ALL OF YOUR FREAKING SHADOWS WHERE EVERYTHING I SAY AND DO GOES UNNOTICED!? I'VE WORKED SO HARD TO GET TO WHERE I AM, DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND THAT!? I'VE... I..." Garrett’s breath goes ragged and his punches begin to slow, "It's not fair..." His arms drop to his sides, "I did so much... I wanted you all to be impressed... But you and Brannon were too focused on each other for anyone to care, and Landon was too caught up with his stupid girlfriend..."
Destin stares up at the night sky, the northern lights having dissipated and the pain sprinkled around his body like ice packs being pressed against his skin.
How could everything have gone so wrong? I’ve done so well keeping the mountain's power within me, but in the end I couldn’t contain it… I failed my friends, and now Brannon’s death is in my hands… I'm a doctor, and the first act I've committed on a human life was a murder…
Then, it hits him: He killed Brannon Davidson. The person who admired Destin the most. The one who worked so well with him. The one who's first friend was Destin and now the last person he ever met eyes with. The regret washes over him like a tidal wave. 
Garrett breathes hard, "...ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO ME!?"
Destin has the instinct to lurch at Garrett and throttle him, but he takes no action. Instead, he pulls Garrett into a deep hug. Garrett stops flailing around, and instead takes to doing nothing. Landon, watching from afar, approaches them and joins in on the embrace. The three friends stay in a locked embrace for what seems like an eternity. Still hugging, Destin looks down, the weight of his blood pooling against the surface of his face, "I messed up,” he whispers solemnly. They all stop hugging.
“That’s an understatement,” Landon croaks.
Then, Destin notices a chunk of wood lying on the ground. He picks it up, examining the colors of tape plastered on the end of the piece. The piece of the drumstick is wrapped in white, orange, yellow, green, black, and red tape, all representing the challenges of percussion they went through three quarters of a decade ago, but Destin realizes something he didn’t notice before: The red tape. Their percussion instructor never rewarded them with red tape; they didn't have enough time to receive them, so why was it clearly on the end of the stick? Destin tries to peel off the red tape, but it doesn’t budge. Instead, he weakly removes the black tape under it, and finds that the red tape extends underneath that as well. Wiping the tears off his face, Destin removes each and every piece of tape on the stick; the red tape sticks beneath all of them, too. Finally, he peels the red tape off the stick and examines it. To his amazement, there’s a message written in printed text on the other side:

No matter the hardship, tension, or distance between us, we will always be best friends. Til’ death do us part, our friendship shall last eternally within this drumstick as long as it stays intact. Cherish this, Destin. Cherish this as much as I have cherished you for all of these lonely years.

A crushing weight drops in Destin's chest. He feels as if a part of his soul’s been shredded into pieces.
Landon straightens, his face still pale, "We have to go back down. We have to find Brannon... Or whatever’s left." He stares at Destin with uncertainty, ignoring the red tape in his hands, "Patrick wouldn’t have wanted this… What do you think he would say if he were still alive?"

"What do you mean? I love femboys!" Patrick shouts sarcastically.
"I'm being serious, Patrick!” Brannon groans, “Do you really think you could have handled the convention yourself?"
Patrick shifts in his spot across the fire from Brannon, “Dude, I don’t know… I’m more interested in that ‘Clyde’ guy. He seemed like a madman, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, it was really bold of him to do something like that.” It brings Brannon pleasure to finally talk about the convention with someone.
	“Like, what a psycho, y’know?” Patrick laughs.
	“Uh, I wouldn’t say—“
	Patrick starts speaking automatically, “If I… If I put you in a meat grinder—” Patrick interrupts himself, “By the way, how did you get enough money to travel to Canada? Also, how did you go to a furry convention? Those things are expensive!”
Brannon’s heart lurches in his chest, “Uh, can I tell you a secret?”
Patrick nods suspiciously, “Sure…”
Brannon clasps his hands together, “Let’s just say… I made some extra profit off a couple of drawings… I’m not too proud of…”
Patrick grimaces, “…Are you serious…?” He rubs his forehead, “When was the last time you did… that?”
“I continued after the furry convention, but I only did it to get the funds for Celeste — commissions have been closed for a while now.”
“Well, are the drawings any good?” Patrick asks, grinning.
Brannon laughs, “The buyers think so!”
“Why didn’t I notice this when I found your social media?”
“Well, I have a separate account for my NSFW art,” Brannon smiles weakly, “You wouldn't have been able to figure out that our accounts were connected.”
“Is that a challenge?” Patrick raises his eyebrow.
“Well, knowing you, I’m sure you could find something, but I try to keep it secret.”
Patrick lays back, throwing his arms behind his head, “So, what’s the name of the account?”
Brannon sucks air through his teeth, “Silven.”
Patrick sits up suddenly, “That’s it?”
“It’s… MultiJumper stuff…”
“Jesus Christ…” Patrick sighs, “It just keeps getting worse,” he pauses, “what else did you do while away from everyone?”
Brannon thinks, finally gaining the courage to tell the truth, “I lived a pretty good life, actually. Of course, there was the occasional ‘what the heck am I doing with my life’ thought, but that was about it. Of course, on the other hand, there was the porn, and the furry stuff. It’s that stuff I don’t like talking about…” Brannon shivers, “The thought of telling them everything I used to do is terrifying…”
Patrick shrugs, “Well, considering that I already know everything about you, I don’t need to know what you’re talking about.”
“Really?” Adrenaline pulses through Brannon.
Patrick stares at him blankly, “No. I’d like to know.”
A familiar sight appears in Brannon’s mind: His soul, cracked and drained, “I think of the things I’ve done as burdens on my soul — burdens I need to move past, but can’t find the courage to do so. Some of the larger burdens are the things that changed my life forever, like Homestuck, TwoKinds, and Racist Mario.”
Patrick suddenly laughs, “Racist Mario? You still remember that?”
Brannon frowns, “I do, Patrick.”
They both sit in silence for a moment.
“Well,” Patrick starts, “I’m going to sleep.”
This alarms Brannon, “What do you mean you’re going to sleep? You’re literally a ghost — you’re dead.”
Patrick lays out onto the ground, the soft grass cushioning him from the hard ground, “Goodnight.”
“It’s literally the morning!” Brannon shouts.
“Hey, stop shouting, will you?” Patrick turns over and faces away from Brannon, who’s standing there dumbfounded.
“Okay,” he grumbles, “I guess I’ll just… Go.”
Brannon walks in a direction, not exactly sure of where he’s heading. He climbs up an icy wall to find himself in a massive open area with waterfalls flowing around his vision. At the center of the humongous room is yet another lake filled with spikes and spinners. Brannon instead directs his eyes upward to the towering monoliths and structures above, spanning what appear to be hundreds of feet upwards….How did they miss this?
Upon further inspection, the stone towers are driven deep into the mountain, and appear to have a strange luminous glow emanating from certain joints.
Brannon strictly remembers reading up on Celeste Mountain and coming across an article about the interior of the mountain, the likes of which stating that:

“Within the depths of Celeste Mountain is The Core, the likes of which is filled with intricate structures teeming with magma, clashing against ice. This equality is most likely held by a bond of magic unlike anything seen before, for most of the mountain’s magical properties seem to fall short upon entering The Core — the penultimate magical place being The Summit.
Additionally, it seems that whatever ancient civilization used to inhabit the mountain long ago found a way to harness this power, as certain switches can be found within The Core that instantly toggle the interior to freeze over or fill with magma.
Many speculate that the heart of the mountain may very well be hidden within the core, and may act as the mountain’s main source of power and magical capabilities. Some have even reported massive structures within the ice-lakes, 
