TEMPLE SCROLL ----------------------------------

Celeste Mountain acts as a vault for the worst emotions of man, locked up within the furthest part of the mountain. Now, the mountain uses its power to psychologically torture its climbers in an attempt to ward them off. Although, none of those who climb the mountain even know of its secret and merely climb it as a challenge. Hidden in the depths of this temple are the origins of emotion.

In the beginning, there were four powers that ruled above all. These powers were known as "essences," and they were split into two categories: Active and Dormant.

In the Active two essences were Rage and Cringe. Rage will always be and always has been more powerful than Cringe. These essences will interact with others, producing different results.

In the Dormant two essences were Ego and Lonelinesss. These two essences do not interact, but merely be.

Cringe is a highly reactive and sensitive substance; it will drain other essences and use them to create sub-categories of itself. Rage, on the other hand, is a highly contaminate, spreading its values to the essences it crosses paths with.

In those regards, the act of combining the two will result in a rather disturbing outcome.


INNER TEMPLE -----------------------------------

Suddenly, another essence entered this world: Change, an essence that doesn't fit as Active nor Dormant (It never truly acts on its own, but doesn't sit still either). Change's purpose is to serve as a vessel for other essences. If an essence interacts with Change, its power will increase tenfold.

Strangely enough, Rage and Change repel each other. It is theorized that because Rage only absorbs and never merges, it is incompatible with Change. That being said, Change always mimicks the traits of Rage upon close contact, and it is believed that if the two elements were to somehow combine, Change would simply become a clone of Rage.

On the other hand, the product created by Cringe after combining with Change is a substance one thousand times more potent than Cringe itself, subsequently gaining the title of "Lust." Lust is a form of Cringe devoid of all regret. It is the very thing that drives Cringe to create more of itself. The darkest desires of man, located entirely within an essence.

Lust does not transform other essences like its previous form, but instead completely devours them only to create more of itself -- The perfect subclass of Cringe.


THE VOID ---------------------------------------

Hate.

How is it made, you may ask?

To begin, you must mix the purest states of Lust and Rage. A potent anger combined with the deepest desires of man. Jealousy and fury...

Despite what happens when Rage and Cringe are forced together, Lust is of equal power to Rage, so the battle between the two essences persists forever. This is where the last step comes into play.

If you force the two Dormant essences in along with Change, a strange reaction occurs. The essences collapse in on themselves, creating an anti-essence that I like to call "Hate."

Now, Hate has some pretty interesting quirks to it. For one, it immediately devours all essences it comes into contact with. It does this not to gain power, but for the sake of destruction.
