The Wanderer

	Having traveled along a barren road, the young Wanderer was unique in the sense that they had no reason to believe anyone was more skilled than they, nor that any man or object could tempt them. They did not have the foresight to see their convictions as false, and this fault, having remained unseen, is what caused the Wanderer’s path to eventually crumble.
	At some point, the Wanderer stumbled upon the burden. Tempted by curiosity, the Wanderer felt the burden, and the soul within them was instant- ly damaged; the Wanderer fled, but only after obtaining the knowledge granted by the burden. Assuming the tear in their soul to be temporary, the Wanderer continued on their journeys, unbeknownst to the curse inflicted upon them.
	As time passed, the Wanderer’s curse slowly became increasingly ap- parent. When the Wanderer finally realized the grave mistake they had made, it was already too late. Defeated, the Wanderer prepared to give in to the curse, letting it consume them. But, as the Wanderer waited to succumb, a being appeared before them, radiating with friendship and trust. The Wanderer locked eyes with the Mage, and they became one.
	The Mage was more skilled than the Wanderer; they were friendlier, funnier, and renowned by every individual they met. The Wanderer was at first troubled by this strange truth, as they had never thought it to be possible, but stayed with the Mage, for they had the magic to repel the curse from within.
	Their friendship, formed by miracle, appeared invaluable to the Wand- erer, and they cherished it with every passing moment. The Mage, intrigued by the Wanderer’s loyalty, decided to return the integrity back. Little did either of them know, the curse was growing in power, and the Mage would soon realize the mistake they had made in befriending someone with it.


The Friendship

	Through their travels together, the Wanderer grew close to the Mage. They stayed with them for as long as possible, almost to a concerning degree. To the Wanderer, the prospect of friendship was as foreign as it was wonderful. Of course, there is no friendship that goes without its quarrels, and fight they did.
	At some points, the friends seemed opposites; taking different sides, liking different things, and opposing each other's values. It is possible that the only reason the friendship lasted was due to the Wanderer's unending faithfulness to the Mage, which seemed to never falter even in times of dislike. Unfortunately, the curse was growing stronger and the friendship weakened further.
	Soon after, the bond between the Wanderer and the Mage had faded, and all that was left was the Wanderer's parasitic affinity. The Mage had plenty of friends to journey with, many of which they knew much more than the current one, so they were not alarmed of this fact. Obviously, this was not the case for the Wanderer, who grew more desperate with each passing moment. Finally, the two stopped talking to each other, as their lives led them on different paths. The Wanderer was devastated; the Mage was indifferent.
	During that time of hopelessness, the curse quickly resumed its reign over the mind of the Wanderer, plunging into the depths. Temptations overtook the Wanderer and their soul was tainted evermore. It was a dark age for the Wanderer: Again friendless, hopeless, and burdened.
	Then, miraculously, something bizarre occured. The Wanderer, much more hollow on the inside, had made a mistake. Their temptation had led them straight into the wake of the public eye. They were caught for whatever wrongdoing they had done, and it was known across the land. The Wanderer was humiliated, enraged, and terrified. They were banned from the curse's source of temptation, and it vanished.


The Redemption

	For a long time, the Wanderer was blissed. Free from the curse and alone again; it was as if they had never seen the burden in the first place. The public soon forgot, and the Wanderer was liberated.






















The Journey

	Unlike the Wanderer, the Mage had gained accomplices.



The Curse

	A strange thing, the curse is. Acting as if it were a sentient creature, it imbues itself into the mind of its prey, whispering regrets to madden them and feeding off their temptation. Eventually, the individual can no longer bear it; they submit themselves and the curse breaks free. Its prey is overcome as the curse merges completely with the individual. Then, ecstasddde happiness used as temptation is provided, and the prey believes everything to be alright.
	In the Wanderer’s case, the curse was stripped of its power by the Mage, but it is impossible to completely remove the curse; it is eternal.
	Years passed, and the Wanderer slowly felt the curse growing in power.



The Prince

	Deceptive and mysterious the Prince was, 



The Calamity

	From Marching Band and up



The Revelation

	From Brannon’s break in the friend group and up (Expand on hate)
