Celeste mountain sees 2 evils in humanity: Hatred and desire. All evil is an off-branch of these 2 things. Hate can cause desire, and desire can lead to hatred. Regret is a form of hate—it is the hatred of one’s past. Depression is a form of hate—it is the hated of one’s own self. Envy is a mix of both. Most of the biblical 7 deadly sins are centered around desire (for example: greed, gluttony, sloth, pride…)

When Brannon and his friends started climbing, the mountain picked up on Brannon’s regrets, underlying lusts, envy of Destin, and hatred of himself. In short, he was the most messed up, therefore the mountain threw the most at him. Destin, though, tried to conceal his own problems: mainly, his ‘hatred’ of Brannon, which conflicted him. Destin’s wand is a symbol for his temper, in which he tries to contain. When his wand is destroyed, it represents the moment he loses understanding of himself. His hatred runs free, mixing with Brannon’s self-hate.

To cope through the years, Brannon convinced himself that the gross things he did were done by “someone else” that wasn’t himself. He tricked himself into believing that he had “two sides,” and that climbing the mountain would allow him to kill that other side of him, restoring peace in his mind. In reality, he just wanted to be innocent again. When he met Cringe—not his “other side,” but a toned-down incarnation of his own hatred TOWARDS that person (another allegory for depression)—he was led to believe that Cringe WAS who he needed to leave behind, but he wasn’t. He realized this in Reflection’s, and upon that realization, the power of Lust was finally revealed.

Lust is not only the dark side of Brannon that he’s been trying to kill, but the true antagonist of the mountain and the dogs. He IS Brannon’s desires, including his long-lasting envy towards Destin. He is most of the seven deadly sins. He is temptation itself.

In the mountain, hate is not another person like Lust, but is actually the alternate form of magic—it’s the thing that gives Destin’s wand its power (the drumstick was gifted to him by Brannon—a symbol of their mutual rivalry, even though Brannon saw it as a gag-gift to reminisce on old times). The source of all hatred—the mountain’s most powerful source of magic—is located in the Void: a place beyond mortal reach (more on that later). Hate’s presence is repeated throughout the story as a “pulsing feeling” that gives people headaches. Its physical form is an onyx-black liquid, magical to the touch. This magic is what lust is looking for.

Lust, after all, represents desire, and he mirrors Brannon’s deep desire to triumph over Destjn. This, in turn, causes Lust to act against the mountain’s restraints (more on how later) and attempt to gain as much power as possible. His main goal is to break past the barrier of the mountain and gain control over all of humanity. Brannon realizes that to literally save the world, they have to defeat Lust. He has to do exactly what he climbed the mountain to do. He has to defeat his darker side—to end the person within him.

When the friends (mainly, Destin and Brannon) reclimb the mountain together, they are proving that they don’t hate each other anymore. They work together, understanding each other’s weaknesses. When they make it to the summit, the bonds the dogs have as friends are tested.

To explain some missing things earlier, we have to pause. Long ago, the mountain was given 3 constraints, preventing it from getting too powerful. These were called the “bindings,” and each of them had huge purposes. The first binding prevented the mountain from abusing one’s memory to fabricate a human being. The second binding ensured that the mountain played fair, and that none of its creations got dangerously powerful. The third binding constrained all the mountain’s magic to a radius around its core, stopping the rest of earth from having magical properties. To break a higher binding, the ones before would have to be broken. By the times The Dogs Climb Celeste, the first two bindings have already been broken. But why?

Each binding is powered by the mountain’s magic, with the third binding the most sustained. Since there are types of magic on Celeste mountain—regular mana and hatred—there must be an equalizer between the two. The things that equalize the balance are the Hearts. When playing actual Celeste, the Hearts are collectibles at the end of the extra levels, and are hidden around the main levels. In reality, absorbing the hearts damages the mountain. They’re like sponges that absorb hate and release regular magic, and taking them away leads to an increase in hate and less mana. As the hearts were collected by travelers, hate increased throughout the mountain, until so little regular mana existed that only the third binding could be supported.

This allowed Patrick and the memories on the summit to exist, as well as the reason as to why lust could act against the mountain. Lust wants to break free from the mountain, so he sets his goals on breaking the third binding. That’s why when the dogs reach the summit, they find him with the “Heart of the Mountain”—the last Heart remaining on Celeste Mountain. He believes that if he were to break it, the third binding would cease and the whole world would be thrown into chaos, just as he wants.

In the end, Patrick comes to a strange realization and tells Brannon to absorb the heart of the mountain, something he didn’t even know he could do. In doing so, the last remaining mana in the mountain is given to Brannon, and he is transported to the Void. There, he battles with Lust, believing that he must defeat him, as he had always aimed to do, and save the mountain, his friends, and the world. Surrounded by hate, made from himself, Destin, and the rest of humanity, he battles lust in a final showdown. When he triumphs over all the envy, hate, and regret, he manages to cut Lust in half. It’s at this moment that something is revealed: Brannon was wrong about Lust. He wasn’t some person hiding inside him—it WAS him. Lust and Brannon had always been the same person, just with different outlooks and powers. Therefore, when Brannon greatly injures lust, he greatly injured himself.

When they reach the top of the void, they see something miraculous. They find the true heart of the mountain, protected by the void and turned black with hatred. A single chain surrounds it, and 2 others lay on the ground, destroyed. Brannon realizes that killing Lust would mean killing himself. This was foreshadowed by the climax of the furry convention.

Brannon is presented with a choice. Kill Lust, taking his own life in the process, or destroy the heart, making a gamble that it would put an end to all magic, dark and light. Ultimately, he chooses another option: Accept himself, causing the two of them to finally combine, restoring the mountain’s magic.